One.
Let's see the vortex of a problem from sponge.
This is my favorite problem from BP countries.
Let's understand this.
You were given in Virgin America to try and write a program to find a verdict set of minimum size in
this tree, such that each edge has and at least one offered end points in their check.
It is called a vertex score, but there are other definitions for vertex cover online.
But this is also fine.
What about is this a verdict over saying that if I were to be, I want to pick up some selected notes
from the tree.
I have to become some vertex from the tree such that all the edges have their end points in one of those
nodes in the set.
Basically all the it basically covering.
I'm vertices, but actually like indirectly, the edges are being fulfilled.
The conditions on the edges are being satisfied due.
Let's see this and then we'll see example.
Then we'll see the greedy approach, then we'll move on to the DB approach.
The first line is this.
Okay, it's one in five.
Therefore, it has to be a good solution.
And.
Then we have n minus one edges of the tree.
So here we have the first example which is 312138.
So let me quickly.
And I did.
So it is one to.
And one tree.
In this case, what I want is I want some subset of these vertices such that I pick up those subset
and all the edges are up there.
It is very tight.
So in this case, if I pick up one eight, so if I pick up one and two myself so that I can say, yes,
this edge is satisfied because it has its one and in one.
And this this has the second net is also satisfied because it also has this.
One end and one right.
So what I'll do is if I'm picking up some particular what is what I look like, remove its corresponding
I just let me get in the sand.
Yes.
That the answer is being made right.
There was a second, there could have been other cases that is.
But if I pick two that means let's say if I pick two, that means this edge will go.
That means I have to decide this edge.
So I'm just excluding it.
And now I can pick one or three, any one of them.
In this case, if I pick two and let's say I pick three, then I'll have the vertex over equals to two.
That means there are two nodes in my set.
But what I want is I want the vertex cover to be.
Minimum of minimum size industry.
So can we think of greedy here?
Okay, let's move to example to now.
The second example is one, two and two, three, one, two.
And three.
So here you can see if I do.
So basically, these both are the same structures.
So if I just reorder the nodes, basically, if I say two is equal to one and one is equal to this gives
me this second structure.
But always remember the first important lesson of this entries that no matter where you start, no matter
whatever number you give it, no matter that.
Whichever.
Notice the root of the tree.
We all know what the root of the tree where I'm making vanilla.
The root of the tree.
But here.
Let's see.
Here, I'll make.
Who was the root of the tree.
So hit both of these trees the same, if you see.
Right.
I can also make tree as the root of the tree.
Correct.
All these three diagrams are of the same tree, right?
So if this structure of the tree is not changing, just some reordering is happening or, you know,
the numbering is happening, renaming is happening.
It doesn't mean that the answer would change because the structure of the tree remains the same.
Right?
If I replace its number by saying three, two and one eight.
Of course we can see now that it's a different thing, but this structure is same.
So if the structures are same, no matter reordering, remembering or renaming is happening, the answer
will never change.
No matter which one would make the root of the tree, the answer should not change because the structure
remains the same.
Eric The vertex cover will be the same.
Let's try to apply some gritty approaches here.
If I wanted to select some minimum number of vertex vertex such that all the edges get fulfilled, then
what can I do?
Is can this be a valid really approach if I try to.
Pickup.
Let's say I pick some max.
Okay, Max, we cannot.
With maximum degree, we cannot.
With maximum degree.
Max Allegri.
Eight related.
One, two, three, four and five.
And it's a this is a tree.
And I'm picking up just one node, which is one that means this edge is dun dun dun dun.
Right.
Why did I pick one?
Because one had the maximum degree.
So we all know what is a degree.
Degrees added.
There are two types of degrees.
So when we talk about undirected graphs, then we just say a degree.
That means how many edges are connected to that particular vertex.
But when I talk about dedicated graphs and there are directed.
Just then we say about in degrees and degrees.
So it's very clear that in degrees how many edges are coming in and how degrees how many edges are going
right.
So.
Here I am trying to apply a greedy approach that has become the norm with the maximum degree.
In this case, also, it will get fulfilled because I still pick up this note.
That means what did I do that satisfied?
That means the degree of this and this has been reduced, I think.
And the second is.
This one again, I'm thinking of one because it has a maximum target incidence rate.
But will it always work?
Well, picking up Deano would be the maximum degree.
Always give me the right answer.
Think about it.
Let's make a case where it won't.
Let's say I have one, two, three, four.
And.
Five six.
Seven.
Well.
So here you can see that if I were to mix, what's the degree of one?
It's three parts, a degree of two to do two and more to the degree of five, six, eight, one.
It is 1113.
Nor to the maximum degrees.
But.
But if I pick this note, that means de-register.
Then it means I'm picking up.
Fine.
Now I can pick.
Now you can see the degree of the notes change.
It maintains them.
Right.
And now, if I believed in order, the maximum degree can be any one of them.
So let's.
Let's see if I pick two, three and four.
Or I can also pick five.
Six and seven.
Eight.
If I pick a five, six and seven, all of them will be.
On the edges would be covered.
Correct.
So all of them will have no zero degrees.
And I don't want to pick anymore.
Not over this.
But is this the answer?
Is this the minimum number of.
What is that I can pick up?
Because here I can see the number is four, but we can do better.
How can we do better?
But what if we just pick two, three, four?
Only eight.
Let's say if I just pick two, three and four.
So what will happen?
All these ages will be satisfied.
And these edges will also be satisfied in just picking up two, three and four.
Now we can see the size is just three eight, but this is the minimum or next couple for this particular.
I remember getting the point, but it won't always work.
I have shown you a very small, simple example.
Just imagine if history had done this to the power of five notes.
It would never work.
Eight.
Yeah.
So this was one counter-example for O'Grady.
And in the next section, what we'll do is we'll discuss some very basics of Debian groups, also the
very basics of Debian trees and we will make some, you know, rules and we will always follow those
rules and figure out the answers will.